---
layout: job 
excerpt: Job post 
footer_type: consult
title: Junior PHP / Laravel / Web Developer
location: Prishtine, Kosovo
long_title: Junior PHP / Laravel / Web Developer
short_description: Incodeks is looking for a PHP Developer responsible for managing back-end services and the interchange of data between the server and the users.
type_of_position: Fulltime
employer: Incodeks
date: 2022-05-26 00:00:00
deadline: 15 October 2022
---

Incodeks is looking for a PHP Developer responsible for managing back-end services and the interchange of data between the server and the users. Your primary focus will be the development of all server-side logic, definition and maintenance of the database, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end. A basic understanding of front-end technologies is necessary as well.

##### Key Responsibilities:

- Develop and manage well-functioning databases and applications.
- Writing automated tests.
- Maintain coding standards and practices.
- Research and implement new technologies, tools and methods.

##### Key skills:

- PHP and Laravel framework
- JavaScript and JQuery knowledge
- HTML and CSS
- Ajax/JSON
- Ability to understand the core of a problem and research possible solutions using relevant online resources.

##### Nice to have:

- OOP / MVC
- Able to consume 3rd party API's
- Git / Github / Gitflow
- Composer / NPM / Webpack
- Domain Setup / DNS
- Phpmyadmin / Sequel Pro
- PHP Unit Testing
- Knowledge of Bootstrap
- Write clean maintainable code and follow style guidelines.


##### How to apply: 

Send a resume at <a href="mailto:careers@incodeks.com?subject=Junior PHP / Laravel / Web Developer" style="color:#5C46F9 !important">careers@incodeks.com</a> with subject line: Junior PHP / Laravel / Web Developer.

<p style="font-weight: bold">Apply now and become part of innovation and excellence!</p>