---
layout: job 
excerpt: Job post 
footer_type: consult
title: React Native Software Engineer
location: Prishtine, Kosovo
long_title: React Native Software Engineer
short_description: Incodeks Group L.L.C a fast-growing technology company is looking for experienced candidates with excellent soft and technical skills for the Software Engineer position to join our great team.
type_of_position: Fulltime
employer: Incodeks
date: 2021-11-25 00:00:00
---

Incodeks Group L.L.C a fast-growing technology company is looking for experienced candidates with excellent soft and technical skills for the Software Engineer position to join our great team.

##### Job description:

- 2+ years of professional experience working with React Native.
- Architect, build and maintain excellent React Native applications with clean code.
- Implement pixel perfect UI's that match designs.
- Implement clean, modern, smooth animations and transitions that provide an excellent user experience.
- Integrate third-party API's.
- Write unit and integration tests.
- Release applications to the Apple and Google Play stores
- Write effective, scalable code
- Implement security and data protection solutions


##### Job requirements:

- Experienced in using Mobile Views on iOS and Android
- Good understanding of MVC frameworks
- Solid SQL / relational database experience MySQL is a plus
- A knack for writing clean, readable React-Native code
- Solid understanding of object-oriented programming
- Understanding and grasp of Agile development and Scrum practices
- Familiarity with version control Git (Github or Gitlab)
- Flexibility and deadline driven


##### How to apply: 

All interested applicants must send a CV via email at <a href="mailto:careers@incodeks.com?subject=Software Engineer - React Native" style="color:#5C46F9 !important">careers@incodeks.com</a>. The deadline for application is open till 25.12.2021.

<p style="font-weight: bold">Apply now and become part of innovation and excellence!</p>