---
layout: job 
excerpt: Job post 
footer_type: consult
title: Quality Assurance Engineer
location: Prishtine, Kosovo
long_title: Quality Assurance Engineer
short_description: Incodeks Group L.L.C a fast-growing technology company is looking for experienced candidates with excellent soft and technical skills for the Quality Assurance Engineer position to join our great team.  
type_of_position: Fulltime
employer: Incodeks
date: 2021-11-25 00:00:00
---

Incodeks Group L.L.C a fast-growing technology company is looking for experienced candidates with excellent soft and technical skills for the Quality Assurance Engineer position to join our great team. 

##### Job description:

- 2+ years of experience testing across a variety of platforms (PC, mobile, etc.).
- Demonstrated experience developing test plans, test designs, test strategies, and test execution. 
- Suggesting improvements to the company and preventing future mistakes during production. 
- Creating test plan automation procedures. 
- Meeting project deadlines.


##### Job requirements:

- Demonstrated success in executing test plans, test cases and automated test suites.
- Knowledge of QA methodology and tools, software testing standards, methods and conventions, and the product development cycle.
- Creativity and initiative to improve test coverage and effectiveness.
- Experience in scripting, user-level test automation and performing white-box testing.
- Experience with supporting a live service post initial release.
- Experience with specialized and technical testing. Examples include security, network.
- Strong knowledge or experience on Appium.
- Strong knowledge or experience on Calabash.
- Experience on UI Automator or Android Instrumentation would be considered extra.
- Experience on iOS UI Automation / XCTest or XCTest UI.
- Solid understanding of how games and supporting services work.
- Passion for and knowledge of games and digital / online entertainment.
- Attention to detail and good problem-solving skills.
- Excellent interpersonal skills.
- Good written and verbal communication in English.
- Leading experience is an advantage


##### How to apply: 

All interested applicants must send a CV via email at <a href="mailto:careers@incodeks.com?subject=Quality Assurance Engineer" style="color:#5C46F9 !important">careers@incodeks.com</a>. The deadline for application is open till 25.12.2021.

<p style="font-weight: bold">Apply now and become part of innovation and excellence!</p>